Review

    1. What is software? Software is a compilation of programs to make one 
    program to perform a task(s).

    2. Why is software important? Software is used in more places than we 
    realize. It basically runs to world and as such is extremely important.

    3. Where is software important? Software is important in every place that It
    is found.

    4. What could go wrong if some software fails? List some examples. Well, if
    software were to fail in our banking system, people could lose access to 
    their funds. If software in a car were to fail, accidents could happen, 
    which could cause injury and death. 

    5. Where does software play an important role? List some examples. Software 
    helps us predict the weather and understand weather patterns. Software helps
    to run our farming equipment, which provides food to the world. Software 
    helps us run a lot of different types of equipment in general, which is 
    important in our current civilization.

    6. What are some jobs related to software development? Programmer, tester,
    software engineer, product manager/owner, electrical engineer, etc.

    7. What's the difference between computer science and programming? Computer
    science is understanding the science behind how programming works. Computer
    programming is just writing the code to make the idea work.

    8. Where in the design, construction, and use of a ship is software used?
    It is used from the beginning to the end. It is used to help design and 
    build the ship. It is used to run the ship and keep things going, so humans
    can get a break.

    9. What is a server farm? It is a bunch of servers all tied to each other,
    typically located in some sort of large warehouse. The whereabouts and 
    details of the warehouse are kept from the general public for security 
    reasons. 

    10. What kinds of queries do you ask online? Google searches, health 
    records, weather data, basically anything that is connected to another 
    database not located at your local machine.

    11. What are some uses of software in science? Software helps to analyze 
    mass amounts of data, which would be impossible for humans to do since there
    is so much data to analyze because software helps to produce and monitor 
    that data. So data gathering and analyzation.

    12. What are some uses of software in medicine? There are many machines used
    in medicine, such as CT scanner, radiology equipment, etc.

    13. What are some uses of software in entertainment? Software is used to 
    create animation, edit videos and sound, etc.

    14. What general properties do we expect from good software? We expect the 
    software to be easy to use and always do what we expect it to do.

    15. What does a software developer look like? This is someone who can take 
    ideas and requirements and transform them into code that produces a program
    that is useable.

    16. What are the stages of software development? Analysis, Design,
    Programming, Testing.

    17. Why can software development be difficult? It is often hard to make a 
    computer do exactly what you want to do. You have to figure out how to make
    a simple machine do something difficult.

    18. What are some uses of software that makes your life easier? Smart home
    functions allow me to turn outlets on and off from a distance with my phone.

    19. What are some uses of software that make your life difficult? Cars have
    software that make it difficult to fix the problem when something doesn't
    do what it is supposed to. 

Exercises

    1. Pick an activity you do most days (such as going to class, eating dinner,
    or watching television). Make a list of ways computers are directly or 
    indirectly involved. - TV: there is a computer in the tv, my phone has 
    computers and that is what I use to stream, my router (internet) has 
    computers, as well as all the computers that it connects to, not to mention
    the computers used to make all the material that I watch.

    2. Pick a profession, preferably one that you have some interest in or some 
    knowledge of. Make a list of activities done by people in that profession 
    that involve computers. - I'm an embedded software engineer so there are 
    many computers involved.

    3. SKIP - now relevant

    4. From your own experience, describe an activity that would not have been 
    possible without computers. - Playing a video game is impossible without a
    computer. It takes a computer to write the game in the first place.

    5. SKIP - list is too large to write here.

    6. Make a list of ten activities that people do that do not involve 
    computers in any way, even indirectly. This may be harder than you think!
    - I can probably think of a way to tie a computer to any activity that 
    anyone else would come up with.

    7. Identify five tasks for which computers are not used today, but for
    which you think they will be used at some time in the future. Write a 
    few sentences to elaborate on each one that you choose. - cooking,
    truck driver, taxi driver, construction, farmer.

    8. Write an explanation (at least 100 words, but fewere than 500) of why
    you would like to be a computer programmer. If, on the other hand, you 
    are convinced that you would not like to be a programmer, explain that.
    In either case, present well-thought-out, logical arguments. - I am 
    currently a software engineer. I love this job because I get to work 
    through problems in code, work with and learn from others, create code
    that solves problems, etc.

    9. Write an explanation (at least 100 words, but fewer than 500) of what
    role other than programmer you'd like to play in the computer industry
    (independently of whether "programmer" is your first choice). - Another
    role that interests me at this time is that of a scrum master. A scrum
    master is someone who helps coach a team of developers so they can be 
    the most productive possible as a team to complete the work they have
    on their backlog.

    10. Do you think computers will ever develop to be concious, thinking
    beings, capable of competing with humans? Write a short paragraph (at
    least 100 words) supporting your position. - No, I don't think that 
    computers will become concious, thinking beings that can compete with
    humans. Computers are hardware, and are not capable for thinking on 
    their own as a human does. They had to be created by humans. Humans 
    don't have enough power to create life, other than procreation.

    11. List some characteristics that most successful programmers share.
    Then list some characteristics that programmers are popularly assumed    
    to have. - the ability to think through a problem and come up with a 
    solution, being able to work with others, humble enough to ask 
    questions when they're stuck. Popularly assumed would be not social,
    likes to work alone, etc. 

    12. Identify at least five kinds of applications for computer programs
    mentioned in this chapter and pick the one that you find the most
    interesting and that you would most likely want to participate in
    someday. Write a short paragraph (at least 100 words) explaining why
    you chose the one you did. - embedded systems, websites, games, 
    graphic design, and operating systems I am currently working on 
    embedded systems and I really like it. 

    13. SKIP 

    14. SKIP
